I'm looking for journal articles on solar energy innovations authored by Dr. Susan Chao between 2018 and 2022.
Find peer-reviewed papers on CRISPR gene-editing techniques by Yale University researchers from 2016 to 2020.
Search for publications on deep learning in patient diagnosis at the NIPS conference over the last three years.
Show detailed studies by Alexander Grant on carbon footprint reduction due to climate change from 2021 onwards.
Retrieve studies from University of Cambridge researchers on semiconductor photonics published in the last decade.
List articles on AI-driven predictive maintenance in automotive technologies published since 2017.
I need the latest studies on functional MRI techniques from researchers at Princeton University.
Locate publications by Lisa Murdoch on geothermal energy sources over the past five years.
Get me literature on the role of nanotechnology in targeted drug delivery from IEEE conferences since 2019.
Search for works on organic farming practices by authors affiliated with the Environmental Protection Agency since 2018.
Find papers on machine translation advancements by Canadian researchers published in the last ten years.
Look for articles on fiscal impacts of climate change mitigation from the journal Economics of Energy & Environmental Policy since 2016.
I want studies on the development of lab-grown meat techniques by researchers from Imperial College London from 2018 to 2023.
Retrieve publications on data protection and privacy in cybersecurity from the last two years by authors from European institutions.
Show results for quantum computing applications in material science from the Physical Review Letters.
Search for research on microbial degradation of ocean plastics by Dr. Harold Finch published between 2015 and 2022.
Find all studies on augmented reality in psychological therapy by authors from the University of Oxford from 2017 to 2021.
I'm interested in recent papers on energy efficiency improvements in smart grid technologies from authors at the Technical University of Munich.
Retrieve papers on equity and inclusion in the sociology of education published in the Sociology of Education journal since 2020.
Search for literature on dark matter detection by researchers from NASA presented at major astronomy conferences since 2016.